Hi, guys.
WALKER In this video, I'm going to show you a bit of a view of the TOK problem.
Either try this course.
Now.
When is your first visit application?
This is going to be the first screen is is going to see a den.
The user can choose to create a new account.
Okay.
The user can pick image from the gallery.
I'm just going to go with this.
And as well.
Okay, you can see her picture.
Nice.
Look over here.
I'm going to give you these on them.
These are going to be sports.
Want to to the name as well is going to be smarts, won't it?
Siri.
And the email address is going to be smart.
Why aren't you Siri at G.M.?
There are two called and the password is going to be this v aui am ac.
Then the record register.
Okay.
Because secretly we own your screen.
You can see if you buy smart.
Okay.
Because as well as crude this way you can see the smartass videos we can like.
You can see we can as well comment on this video.
Here.
We can just say nice.
Then we can.
Then send this.
Okay.
You going to sit over here?
Because as we all like, comments.
Okay.
You can see while over here, we're going to go back.
We can as well upload.
Okay.
We can click on this that we can either upload from gallery or camera.
I'm just going to go with the.
Gallery.
Okay, then we can pick this for you.
Okay.
Now you can see who's asking for the song name and the culture.
Those are the coaches that going to take some time in order for this video to upload.
Okay.
I will consider this in order to resolve this problem.
Now we can search for users.
Okay.
I think I have the user code smart.
Okay search you can see there's RS small quantity and we also have two smart.
Okay.
Like you can see, Smart has one last wish we just gave, and you can see the smart housing.
Followers looked following all followers, and whenever a user upload a video is automatically going
to generate each of the points you can see currently.
Smart has to videos.
It has automatically generated its own nils for this.
Now we can.
Follow Smart.
Okay.
You can see correctly now smart has what holders.
Right.
Okay.
We can as well.
On follow smart.
Okay.
You can see it.
Just go follow.
Okay.
Then I'm going to go back.
It is.
As you can see over here, we have.
One following on.
We have one likes we liked and it is just for smart.
Sorry is not ours.
I think this.
Okay, great.
They can see we are currently following one person and we have zero likes and zero followers.
Okay.
I think also the user code.
Mark, I mean.
Okay.
You can see Mark at me, my colleague Peter.
Well, this uses rights, okay.
I can click on luckily.
Okay.
You can see the code currently has is following one user.
You can also follow my colleague because you can see now he has two followers and zero follower.
McCauley has zero following and zero lacks variety can as well all follow.
Okay.
These are our profi.
This is not this is going to take some time not to just play hearts.
Okay.
Because I'm having a very small network.
You can see.
Like I said, we can choose to applaud from either gallery or camera.
Okay, just consider this then.
It's going be displayed at the home screen.
You can see.
You can also.
Okay.
You can see this weekend as well like this.
We're just going to commence.
Nice.
Okay.
Extinction.
You can also like this.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys.
And please note this tick tock section is currently under development, but in the short time all the
video several of you uploaded.
So feel free to arrow course.
You can read an article, then allow a future sequel and not to use Firebase as well.
You can see all our users over here.
We also have the storage.
We have our videos, some meals for you.
Image are going to be okay.
You can see we have the videos we have.
We have the Sunnies, we have the profile pictures of all users you can see can do can go for this you
can see the profile image of the user getting this, the account we just created.
Okay.
Like I said, whenever a user uploads a video is automatically going to generate.
It's all new for it.
So you can learn a lot about flow to acquire base.
And please note the UI is first crash and also all the backend is from scratch.
No copy code, everything is built on from scratch.
In order for you to do graphs, all the process of like Flutter and Firebase.
Guess it is a video and it automatically generates.
It's all new for me as well.
You can see the toenails.
Okay.
See this?
If you're going to sit over here.
And our users.
Olivier.
Right.
You can.
You can see we are following.
Okay.
I can see.
Follow us.
Okay.
So we have the midfield midfield.
So if I feel for five foot two and you idiot, you're going to do all of this right from scratch.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in the course.